Fellow Conservative: 

This is it. 

With just hours left until the midnight FEC fundraising deadline, I'm counting on your IMMEDIATE action.

We've raised over $712,550 during this End of Quarter Push so far. But it's absolutely critical we reach our one million dollar goal.

A big day today will prove to the media and the Big Government political establishment of BOTH parties that you and I have the grassroots support to match all those poll numbers showing me leading Hillary Clinton in key presidential swing states.

So won't you please agree to your most generous contribution of $20.16 right away?

And then, if at all possible, please forward this email to everyone you know as well.

Fellow Conservative, I'm not going to mince words. If you and I are going to succeed in finally taking our country back from the Big Government crowd in BOTH parties, we're going to have to fight like never before.

For months now, the media has been spouting off predictions that November 2016 will be a contest between two candidates with yesterday's last names pushing yesterday's failed Big Government policies.

But the truth is, our country can't afford any more of the status quo under either party.

Not with over $18 TRILLION in national debt. Not with our Executive Branch and our U.S. Supreme Court dismantling what's left of our constitutional freedoms.

That's why I'm counting on your action TODAY.

A big fundraising quarter will help show the American people stand solidly behind my bold plans for REAL reform, including:

*** Cutting taxes and spending. My 14.5% flat-rate tax plan would drive a stake through the heart of the IRS, return $2 TRILLION to the American people, and create 1.4 million new jobs;

*** Ending the reign of career politicians by passing term limits;

*** Forcing members of Congress to read the bills they vote on -- instead of springing last-minute thousand page bills on the American people that are laden with handouts to those with the best lobbyists;

*** Repealing ALL of ObamaCare. Every last word of this horrendous government takeover of our healthcare;

*** Auditing the Federal Reserve;

*** Protecting the entire Bill of Rights -- including the Second Amendment, our right to religious liberty, the God-given right to life, and our right to privacy from government snooping.

But Fellow Conservative, the media is ready to pounce. So are Big Government members of BOTH parties.

They want to wipe my limited government ideas off of the political map to pave the way for a future filled with nothing but higher taxes, more government spending, more waste and more government control over every aspect of our lives.

So please agree to your most generous gift of $20.16 or more right away to help my campaign reach our million dollar goal by midnight.

And then forward this email to everyone you know.

Fellow Conservative, time is running out. There are just hours left.

So please act at once. 